Downloaded from
YTS.MX
NETFLIX PRESENTS
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
-Jojo!
-And Paula!
-Best!
-Friends!
-Forever!
-Jojo. hurry!
I'm coming. I'm coming!
Okay.
Pull it hard! Pull it!
I'm not really into that.
Huh?
Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm not into that.
Okay.
That's fine.
Is that better?
Shit!
Oh. shit!
Can't you think of anything more exciting?
-You fucking crazy?
-Hey. what the fuck?
-How long have you been standing there?
-Long enough to see how boring you are.
Cool. Okay.
-Huh?
-Nah. dude. You can go now.
You sure?
-Yeah. now shut up.
-Paula. come on.
No. come on. I want you to myself.
Sorry.
You need to go now.
Okay.
Hey. I don't know if you think
what you're doing here is cool.
but it's not cool at all.
Poor guy.
That's super awesome.
single hipster nutjobs.
Thanks. yeah.
Oh. man!
Was that necessary?
Don't be so melodramatic.
Want me to get him back?
No.
Come on. Jojo.
can't you stay here. please?
I need you.
We've been best friends forever.
I'll miss you so much.
-Pauli. hurry up!
-Yeah.
-Oh!
-Paula?
Can you get my suitcase?
Paula. come on!
Sorry.
Paula. come on. come on!
So…
-Hey!
-Sorry. I didn't mean to.
Come on. cut it out.
It's not me. it's the computer.
Go stand over there!
Well. I'll get the food.
You sit here.
Hey. look.
Yeah. sure.
It's Daniel.
-Cut it out. please. I'm struggling here.
-Jojo. dude. it's him.
"Him" who?
The guy from back home.
Oh. you're right!
That's awesome.
He doesn't look so bad now.
Oh. well. sure. whatever.
Hi.
What are you two doing here?
-Where are you flying to?
-It's just me. I'm flying to Tulum. so…
Me too. I'm also going to Tulum.
-Really?
-Yeah. What are you doing in Mexico?
Sorry. nice seeing you. but Jojo and I
were just saying goodbye. so…
I'm working.
What do you do?
Nothing special.
For a tour operator.
-No. that's great.
-And you?
Um. I'm going there to surf.
You should join me sometime.
No. we have a "no surfer dude" rule.
Yeah. but who cares?
I'll join you anyway maybe.
Cool.
And what do you do?
For work. right?
Yeah.
It's funny
how people ask about work first.
-Yeah. super funny.
-In England. they talk about the weather.
This is the shittiest conversation ever.
You know that?
-Shit.
-Oh. shit. we have to go!
-Can I help you?
-No. I'm helping her. Thanks.
-Bye. Pauli.
-No. I'm coming with you.
It's okay.
The flight will depart at 16:55…
Wait for me!
Information on Eurowings
flight 8054 to Cologne/Bonn.
The flight will depart at 16:55…
I love you.
I love you more.
Ciao.
Bye!
Tell me.
I'm about to go surfing.
-With that guy?
-Yeah.
Hey. turns out we sat
next to each other on the plane.
Cool.
We just chatted the whole time.
His dad died. Do you remember him?
That's a shame. Your parents are
both dead. I think you're soulmates.
Man. you're full of shit.
Where does he live now. your surfer boy?
He still lives there.
Ugh! In Shitsville. right?
Oh. I knew it!
He looks like that type of dude.
He inherited the farm from his father.
but he just sold it
because he. um…
It was too much for him.
Interesting.
Um. on another note…
On the subject of the rent…
Oh. no. Paula.
No.
-Didn't you take care of it?
-Sure. I did.
In theory. I did take care of it.
No. you didn't.
Sure. I did.
But. um. can you cover it
for one more month?
-I'll figure it out then.
-How?
Ah!
Uh…
Hello. job center?
NUMBER - ROOM
TICKETS
Ms. Peska. you know
why we canceled your payments?
Because you're assholes?
You violated the application requirement
several times.
They were shitty jobs.
No. they were not.
What are you living on right now?
I'm living off my best friend.
And so the job center is
kind of like your best friend too?
You studied law for six years for nothing.
Only to fuck up your final exam.
I do understand that you're. uh.
lacking some motivation now.
I probably would be too.
Hmm.
Uh. but that doesn't help.
I don't know what I can do for you.
Come to my place tonight?
-I'm sorry?
-Or do you have a girlfriend?
You should bring her.
Don't you want some further training?
Maybe you could learn JavaScript.
Here are two jobs.
Have a look at them and apply here.
Cleaning lady? Really?
-The other one's at a bowling alley.
-Huh?
-Maintenance.
-Uh-huh.
Come on. Jojo. can you maybe pick up
when I call? I miss you.
This really sucks.
Stick your voicemail up your ass!
I wanna see your face. man. Fuck you!
I miss you.
What?
Can you hear me?
Hello?
I miss you!
-Pauli!
-What are you doing?
Jojo?
-Um. I can't hear…
-Who is it?
Hold on.
I can't hear you very well. Can you. um…
Don't worry.
We'll talk another time. okay?
Let's talk later. yeah?
Jojo. hi.
Pauli.
Um…
I'm coming home.
What. now?
-Can you pick me up at the airport?
-But…
-Um…
-I was fired.
But is everything okay?
Um. I can…
I'll tell you when I get back. okay?
I'll text you my flight details.
Just tell me real quick.
See you.
Pauli!
WELCOME HOME FROM PRISON
I feel sick. I think I'm gonna throw up.
There you are! Whoo!
-I missed you so much.
-Hi.
Mornin'.
Hi.
Can we. um. drop you off somewhere?
No. I'm coming with you.
Hmm.
So. what happened?
Why are you back?
Everything is so damn ugly here. right?
-You ever noticed?
-No.
Oh. dude!
What's wrong?
Tell me what's going on.
Come on. keep driving.
No way.
What happened?
Was your boss harassing you?
I can't say.
Why not?
You've got cancer.
No.
Come on. let's go get a beer.
I don't want a beer.
-You do. You always want a beer.
-But not this time.
That's a sign something's not right.
Tell me what's going on. Don't say
you're pregnant. I'll jump off the bridge.
Please. just keep driving.
-Go!
-I don't give a shit. I'm staying here.
Just drive.
I can't tell you right now.
I just can't. but…
Paula!
Wait! You… Stop it!
-Tell me what's going on.
-No!
-Will you cut it out if I do?
-Yeah.
-Get in and I'll tell you.
-Okay.
Paula. are you crazy? Get in the car!
Stop fucking around!
Hey!
Okay.
We're getting married.
-What?
-Daniel and I are getting married.
-So you're pregnant?
-No.
-Then why get married?
-I think he's great.
He's an island boy.
-No. he's not.
-Does he wear a Barbour jacket?
Yeah. but ironically.
Paula. get to know him.
Maybe you should get
to know him first.
-You have to marry him right away?
-Yeah. because I want to.
Because it feels right.
Actually. that's not all.
You're pregnant.
Uh-uh.
Oh God. I know what it is.
You're going with him.
Back to Shitsville.
I want to be with him.
and he doesn't want to move here.
What about us?
-With cheese?
-Didn't want a million ingredients.
-That wasn't the reason.
-All right. I get it.
Millions of ingredients killed.
Ah!
Are you listening? Ow!
I have to do it now. That hurt!
Paula.
Um… I'm going to the bathroom.
Close your eyes.
Okay.
You're not gonna punch me. are you?
We'll see.
You can open them now.
Welcome home!
Thank you.
Make a wish.
Out loud or to myself?
I guess it depends.
Pauli…
Just do it
before the candle goes out.
Okay. I'll wish for both.
Well. then. I hope your wish… comes true.
I'm not letting you get married.
So. uh. what do you want to drink?
I've got beer and liquor.
I didn't have money for wine. so…
Um. listen. Daniel is exhausted.
He couldn't sleep at all on the plane.
Well. he can do that now.
I'm sorry.
I'm totally dead on my feet too.
We'll do this later. okay?
Yeah. Sure.
Jet lag and all that.
Thanks.
-Um…
-Hmm?
Sorry I didn't tell you earlier.
It's okay.
And I know
this is all really crazy. so…
But. Pauli. I'm so madly in love with him.
I'm completely lost.
I've never felt like this before.
Everything is different. Everything
about this feels right. I know it does.
I want this so badly.
I know exactly what I want. I want him.
It's like I've always known him.
I don't want anything else.
I'm pretty sure
that it's like being in a tunnel.
I can't see to my left or right. I'm just
in this tunnel. this super cool tunnel.
And I'm just completely lost.
I can't see what surrounds it.
It's like. uh… It's just…
You know what I mean?
It's like…
like when you were studying law.
You had that. you knew
that was all you wanted to do and…
Oh God. shit. That sucked. I suck.
-Paula. want some too?
-No.
-Hey. try some.
-Here.
-No. I don't like pancakes.
-You made 'em too thick.
-All right.
I'll help you in a moment.
Gross.
You two aren't really doing this.
You're not really doing this.
Pauli…
Can you just be happy for me?
Okay.
But I'm coming with you. then.
Mm-hmm.
And what will you do there?
Visit your mother?
Or what?
I'll figure it out. There are still
a few people we know there.
I'll make some calls.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
I can't think of anyone.
No. but you can still count
on me coming with you.
I'd like to do this on my own.
No.
That little backpack's enough?
Yeah.
I'll give you guys two days.
Oh. yeah?
Well. maybe till the weekend. so…
All right.
I need to pee.
Sorry. I need to pee.
She needs to pee.
He's got ears. He heard me.
We're almost there.
Are you ready?
I just saw it.
-Oh God. I'm getting scared.
-What. have you changed your mind?
-Have you?
-I'll show you everything.
Okay.
-Well. you're here now.
-Yeah.
Fuck. we're really doing this.
-Tell me. what do you think?
-Yeah. Yeah!
Yeah? Right. this is our garden.
-Yes. And this?
-That's the door.
-So nice.
-It is. right?
Our left-hand window.
our right-hand window.
Yeah. no problem.
I'll carry everything. you fuckers.
You can't see it from here…
Yeah. so.
if you look at it like this.
this would appear Texas-shaped…
Right.
Uh-huh? Yeah?
Awesome.
Did you paint that?
I painted everything myself.
What will you do with these things?
Um. I guess
I'll take them to my other fiancée.
Don't throw it all away.
-Come here.
-Hmm?
I'll make some space.
Then all your stuff will fit.
Oh. and here? Is this the bathroom?
-Whoa! Is it. is it?
-This is the bathroom.
You can spend all your time here. Really.
I believe you!
-Wow. this is beautiful!
-I carved it myself.
That's. um…
Um. that has to…
Wait. I'll show you more stuff.
What else do you want to see?
I can show you
the good places to make out.
-What's that?
-Okay. if you look out here…
Oh. look. look! What is that?
That's how it's supposed to look.
I'll get rid of it.
Don't look at it. don't look at it.
-But if you look out here. you see it?
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Jojo.
This is horrible.
-Oh. is it now?
-Mm-hmm.
Is it now?
Okay then. missus…
But. uh. um…
-Is there still enough over there?
-Yeah.
Okay.
In both.
It's my place too. isn't it?
Dick!
Uh. we're going to a restaurant later.
Wanna come?
Janosch is coming too.
Don't know him.
Come on.
No. I've suppressed
all memories of this horrible island.
He wanted to set you up.
but I said it was a terrible idea.
That's where I always
used to cross the dunes.
-Wow.
-There was a beach behind there.
Hmm! You don't have to look
because of that?
No. I'd rather look at you.
-Hmm?
-Mm-hmm.
I don't know anyone
who still has CDs.
Neither do I.
There's Janosch.
-So?
-What's up?
Daniel's driving. You like danger?
-You good?
-You?
-Hey.
You both remember my cousin?
No.
Take the road on the left.
There was a traffic jam up there.
All right. Mr. Navigator.
Mr. Navigator.
Well. how are you doing?
Yeah. so far. so good.
-Got everything done?
-Yeah. And you two? Excited?
-Yeah…
-I am.
Are you happy?
Are we happy?
Mm-hmm.
Whoa!
Shit!
Wow. look at that.
That's so beautiful. isn't it?
Remember our first time here.
Janosch? That was awesome.
Come on. we've seen everything now.
We can go home.
We found you a guy.
So. shut up now.
Yuck! Ugly.
Maybe you. Not me. bro.
You should've seen the waves in Mexico.
-Wait!
-You should've been there.
-Hey.
Here we are.
Can you pass me the olives?
Pass me the olives.
Here. here. Dip. dip. dip.
-This is awesome.
-Want some?
-That one's my favorite.
-Kind of salty.
Isn't it?
Here. do you want some cutlery?
Or are you eating with your fingers?
Can you give me some bread? Thank you.
Oh God!
Are we really doing this?
-Well. we can leave.
-No.
No. definitely not.
-Ever tried these? Super delicious.
-No.
Those are the last things I wanna try.
-Okay. Want some?
-Yeah.
-Come on.
-There you go.
Oh. shit.
Hmm?
It's Dani's ex.
Hi.
Um… I…
Your car was outside.
Hi.
I had no idea you were back.
Um. yeah. for…
for a few days now.
Hi.
Um. have a seat.
Um. no. thanks. Dani. I'll go.
Why didn't you let me know
you were coming?
Ellin…
I'm sorry.
-Okay.
-Um…
Sorry.
Awkward.
No. she wasn't awkward at all.
I'm pretty sure
I haven't tried this one.
I thought she looked really sad. actually.
-How are things with you. Paula?
-Huh?
-Yeah. what do you do?
-Stuff. This and that.
What does that mean?
Well. you know. just stuff.
No. tell us.
-I…
-Hmm?
-Um…
-Yeah?
Hmm?
Ever heard of boundaries?
-Yeah.
-He's just interested in you. Come on.
Paula doesn't do anything.
Hey.
What?
You started a degree.
flunked your exam. and after that. nada.
-Really. Johanna?
-That's how it is. Admit it.
-You can't get anything done.
-Well…
When I think about it.
we got some fun things done.
For example. we once made a bet
about hooking up with a different person
every week for a year.
-Paula!
-So. like. 52 weeks. 52…
Fifty-two men.
People. you heteronormative
island schmuck!
You fucked 52 people in one year?
-No. we didn't do it.
-We did do it. Sure.
-Wow!
-No. it wasn't like that.
It was.
-What was it like?
-Good. Really--
It was nothing.
-It was.
-Uh-uh.
-And. um. what kind of people were they?
-Good ones.
-Hmm.
-Good people.
Wanna know who won the bet?
-No.
-I don't know.
Of course.
Do you realize how embarrassing this is?
My phone's ringing.
Paula!
I'm on the phone.
No. come on. that's my trick.
What do you want?
Hey. are you out of your mind or what?
Why'd you bring that shit up?
It was a great bet.
In case you forgot. we had a lot of fun.
Twenty years ago.
-Two.
-Paula!
What about his ex?
What ex?
-Come on. you're not stupid.
-Yeah. what do you mean?
You know. Something's still going on.
Why are you doing this?
-What?
-Ruining it for me.
Uh. sorry?
My God.
-How can I go in there now?
-The same way you came out.
Forget it.
No. this is getting really pathetic.
Can you just go now?
Wow.
Yeah.
GERRYS GRILLCAFÉ
HARBOR KIOSK
Huh?
-Dude. you scared me.
-What are you doing here?
Did you sleep here? Are those my clothes?
-I'll be gone soon.
-Where are you going?
You got big!
Kids grow up. It's a miracle.
When did you get cool?
So. can I visit you now too?
Sure. You can visit me anytime.
I just had a lot to do.
Hmm. all right.
When is Jojo's wedding?
-It's not gonna happen.
-Huh? Why not?
She's out of her mind.
Well. because it's all bullshit.
But isn't she your best friend?
I bet you this wedding won't even happen.
I don't get it.
That's because your brain
isn't fully developed yet.
But maybe it'll happen still.
Listen. you don't have a boyfriend
or a hobby or something?
Here. That's my boyfriend.
You're absolutely crazy.
I need to go now.
-I'll take you.
-No.
Why not?
Because I'm going with that guy.
-That guy over there?
-Yeah. that guy.
-Looks nice.
-Yeah.
Hey.
-Hi.
-Who are you?
-Jeremy. Hi.
This is my sister.
She was just about to fuck off.
-Yeah.
-Oh. Basti told me a lot about you.
-Really?
-That's not true.
Yeah. but she believed it.
Well. uh. we have to go.
Salut. sister.
-She seemed nice.
-Yeah?
I asked you
a straightforward question.
-I heard you.
-Did you?
I said everything I had to say.
Now. why don't you tell me more
about that little bet of yours?
How about that. huh?
Come on.
you're dodging my question.
I mentioned it. so we don't need
to talk about it now.
I asked you a straightforward question.
Why don't you answer?
Leave those things alone for a moment.
What is it with these avoidance tactics?
You are the one avoiding stuff.
That is what's happening.
-It's not.
-You don't have to pretend.
-What do you mean?
-I was sitting right next to you!
What are you doing here?
I just came to get my things.
-Is everything okay?
-Yeah.
Everything's great.
What's he doing?
He's going to work.
What kind of work?
I'm not really sure.
Ah… Okay.
Do you guys talk sometimes.
or do you just fuck?
At the moment. we just fuck.
Sorry about yesterday.
You do know
I'm going ahead with this. right?
With what?
Marriage.
No.
I don't think you'll marry him.
What was that fight about earlier?
Well. people fight sometimes.
Paula. no bullshitting now.
What will you do then?
After the wedding?
Fuck the wedding photographer?
No. I mean after that.
With me gone and you all alone.
What am I supposed to do?
Well. I don't know.
Just get married first.
Then we'll see.
Okay. I have an idea.
Let's go get you a wedding dress.
Really?
-Yeah.
-Are you being serious?
Yeah. of course. If you think about it
any longer. I'll change my mind.
I love you!
Hello.
Hey.
Too cute.
Show me. Mm-hmm.
You look like a Karen!
-Look. this is the one.
-That's the one.
-Cheesy as hell!
-Nice. simple.
With these glasses.
That's how I'd get married.
Hey. babe.
Oh God!
I love you.
I love you too.
Kiss me.
I'll kiss you.
Oh!
-Mm-hmm.
-So?
-Nice.
-I'll try it on.
I'm coming!
Ta-da!
-Well?
-Beautiful!
Please marry me. Jojo. I mean it.
Hello.
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
Paula! Paula!
Paula!
Paula. Paula.
Did you know?
No.
-You did. I can tell by your face.
-I didn't.
-Paula?
-No. I really didn't.
I want to get this off!
Help me get this off!
Okay. okay.
-Oh. it's sewn up at the back.
-Hurry up! Here!
Wait…
Fuck!
Here. I'll help you.
-Oops.
-Thanks.
Stop.
What is this? You're kidding me. right?
That's how we found it.
Aren't you the…
Hi.
What are you doing here?
-Nothing. We were just leaving.
-Right.
You need to pay for this dress.
Well. that. uh. that wasn't us. so…
Yeah. I'm not an idiot.
Cash?
Card?
You're a good fit for him.
Two inconsiderate assholes
have found each other.
Thanks for shopping here.
Have a nice day.
Why did you take me there?
What do you mean?
Oh. Paula. come on. cut the bullshit.
You were acting strange the whole time.
No. Uh-uh.
I thought
what she said earlier was strange.
Yeah. it doesn't matter now.
I'm going home.
We haven't finished our drinks.
I'm done for today.
Can I drop you off somewhere?
No. Jojo. come on.
I'm sorry. Can't we talk about it?
Thanks. but no.
Can't you just stay with me for once?
I just told you I'm going home.
Why are you so angry all of a sudden?
Wait a minute.
Just stop.
-Jojo!
-Please get out!
Jojo. don't be so angry. okay?
-Everything good?
-Hey!
Good to see you. man.
Mind if I grab a few?
I'll be right back.
The only thing I like
about this shitty island is the kiosk.
-So. what happened?
-Hmm?
To make you hate it so much.
Okay. I get it.
And you?
Why do you like it here?
I don't know. I guess it's just home.
My home is Jojo.
What's up?
That's my uncle.
My uncle was the first surfer
on the island.
Great.
Hey! Good to see you. brother.
-This is Paula.
-Hey.
Hi.
-Paula. you want a beer?
-Yeah.
Good to see you.
-You know what I mean?
-Yeah. totally.
Hey.
Well. he's still arguing
with a random guy in France
who claims he was the first to surf.
but that's not true.
My grandpa was already surfing in 1952.
He saw it on the news. people surfing
on these weird boards in Hawaii.
At the time.
only the royal family could do it.
He was a lifeguard. so he got a hold
of a board and just went surfing.
Do you like surfing?
Honestly?
Yeah.
I think it's stupid.
How can you think it's stupid?
I'm scared of the sea.
You're from here.
The sea is all around us.
How are you scared of it?
I don't know.
You're funny.
How would you know?
No idea. Aren't you?
How do you know what someone's like
before getting to know them?
Intuition?
-I think I'd better go back in.
-Now?
Yeah.
Can I sleep at your place?
I don't think so.
Why not?
No idea.
Okay.
Take care.
Basti?
You again.
What time is it?
Almost two.
I could sleep all the time.
Yeah. another form of denial.
You look like shit too.
Who was that guy the other day?
That's none of your business.
Are you in love or something?
Oh. he's just an exchange student.
He'll be gone soon.
I won't let my heart get broken.
And you?
I heard something was going on
between you and Janosch.
No.
I won't let my heart get broken either.
So. are we both
really clever or really dumb?
Come here.
-What are you doing here?
-I was looking for you.
Cut the bullshit.
Right in front of his ex's shop?
We had a fight.
Who?
The Pope and I. Come on. Paula.
Why?
I asked him again about Ellin. and then…
he suddenly got kind of weird.
so I thought…
I'd ask her.
Ask her?
I feel like shit.
-That's a good idea.
-No. it's a really shit idea.
I feel like I cheated on him.
I didn't even talk to her yet.
What's really going on?
I don't know.
Tell me.
I've no idea.
Everything has just changed
since we got here.
It's so serious.
What if we go visit your mom?
Yeah.
We were lucky she hit a rock.
Just imagine all that hassle with a bib
and cleaning up the drool
and all that shit.
Well done. Ulrike!
Well done…
Mama!
Your mom jumped because she saw
no other way out of her marriage.
You do realize that. don't you?
Oh. Pauli.
It's not as simple as that.
It's not?
I know exactly what I want.
Why are you crying. then?
Because we had a fight. It's no big deal.
Who are you trying to fool?
Tell me. can you only be happy
when I feel like shit? Is that it?
Jojo. you know
that's not what this is about.
I just want you to realize how…
how shitty it actually is here.
Well done. Jojo!
Jojo!
Jojo?
So. I guess I'll be off.
Okay.
Um. was that it. then?
What do you mean?
No idea.
I don't know what I mean either.
I'm sure you girls do this
in Berlin all the time. don't you?
Yeah.
I guess so. yeah.
Don't you want to come to bed?
Sorry.
What are you doing here?
I wanted to apologize.
You already paid for the dress. It's okay.
Yeah. but I'm sorry about our behavior.
In theory. we're actually still together.
What?
Charge!
Move in!
Paula…
Paula. we shouldn't be here.
Retreat.
Retreat!
Ellin. what are you doing here?
Hey. yo.
Hey. Have you two been drinking?
Nah. just an aperitif. A small one.
Can we come in?
-Can I come in too?
-Please do. madam. Come right in! Jojo!
Paula! Hey. we have so much to eat.
Janosch brought
a couple of bottles of wine too.
-Come. I'll show you the fish!
-I need to talk to you.
All right.
wait a second. I just have to. um…
What is it?
I brought someone with me. so…
I see. Cool.
That's cool. Uh. who is it?
Well. maybe you're gonna hate me now.
but that's okay because maybe
you won't hate me so much one day.
What are you saying? Huh?
Dani?
Paula…
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
What are you doing here?
I just told you I brought her.
Uh. sure.
Uh. do you girls want a drink?
-No.
-Yep. sure. Great.
-Uh…
-White wine?
Uh-uh.
Paula? Paula.
can we go outside for a second?
Yeah. but now's not such a good time.
We have a guest. That'd be rude.
Yeah.
Uh…
Hi. I'm Jojo.
-Would you like a drink?
-No. thanks.
Yeah. sure. Just give her a glass of wine.
No. I'll do it. Um…
Here. There you go.
Oh!
-It's okay. I'll get something.
-No. just leave it there.
It's no problem.
Tell me where the bucket is.
-Leave it.
-Are you his maid?
-I said it's no problem.
-Just leave it.
It's okay.
Just tell me where it is. please.
Under the sink next to the trash bin!
It's okay. I'll get it.
Ellin. please. just stay…
Just…
Paula. can you tell me
exactly why you brought her here. hmm?
Johanna. can you chill
for just five seconds?
Uh. Jojo. I think we need to talk.
-Talk to me? Yeah?
-Yep.
-Oh.
That was so obvious.
Could you just shut up for once?
What is it?
It's. um. it's…
No. Ellin. leave it.
-Come on. Ellin. I'll do it.
-I'll do it.
-I can do it too. I said--
-Leave it.
-I'll do it.
-I'm doing it!
Okay.
Good.
Well. then…
Then. uh. let's all just sit down now.
Yeah. Ellin.
where do you wanna sit?
Daniel. what's going on here?
I'm sorry. I wanted to talk to you.
but. um… but not now.
-Huh? What's going on here right now?
-Hey.
What are you sorry about exactly?
The fact that she's still your girlfriend?
-What? That's not true.
-When did you break up with me?
I… I said I needed some space. so…
When you two met.
he was still with me.
And when you two decided to get married.
that whole time. he was still with me.
-And when you--
-Dude!
When you go to fucking Mexico and say
you need space. the message just…
It's pretty clear.
No.
You wrote to me all the time.
Is that true?
Yeah. because I…
um. because…
'cause you're important to me.
Okay.
Uh… That's. uh…
That's interesting… too.
And because I was worried
about you. you know?
I want you to be okay.
I… don't want to hurt you.
-So…
-What the hell's going on right now?
This isn't doing any good at all.
I was gonna tell you.
Well. when?
Tell me when?
After this absurd wedding. or…?
I don't understand why you're so angry.
It… It has…
It really has nothing to do with you.
What. are you dumb?
Listen. you have no right to interfere.
-None at all.
-What?
I'm not interfering. I'm just
protecting her from fuckers like you!
-I don't get what your fucking problem is!
-Just leave her alone!
No.
Hey!
What the hell is this?
Your relationship
was based on a pile of shit.
-And I feel really bad for Ellin.
-Excuse me?
I think you should be thanking me.
actually.
Why show me up like that.
in front of everyone?
You wouldn't listen otherwise.
Come on. the guy's an asshole.
Get that into your head for once!
He doesn't need you.
But I need you.
Paula. you're absolutely nuts.
Have you completely lost your mind?
You're a psycho. Paula.
A wreck!
You're a completely deranged lunatic.
Do you enjoy dragging others
into your shit? Hmm?
Do you get a kick out of that?
What do you actually want?
What are you doing here?
Get a grip on your life
and let me live mine!
Stop interfering all the time.
for the love of God!
Do you need help?
No. I'm fine.
Or maybe… Do you have a drink for me?
Sure.
-Where are you from?
-Denmark.
I'm Olli. and this is Freja.
I'm Paula. and this is Karen Heiner.
Hey. Nice to meet you.
Are you from here?
Yes and no.
You wanna get a drink with us?
Actually. we were just about
to take a tour on our quads.
Hey. maybe…
maybe you can come with us?
Hmm… Yeah.
Why not? We love quads.
Right. Karen Heiner?
What the hell are quads?
Nice.
Let's go home tomorrow.
I need you.
What was that?
Husband… and wife.